#### How has your query strategy changed from earlier rounds? Do you rely more on model predictions, or are you still exploring new regions? Do you tune hyperparameters or rely on heuristics?
* Graphical visualization is the most important capability I have added this week to my query strategy; this wasn't there during the first 2 weeks. Currently, I am following a hybrid approach where I make adjustments to a few hyper-parameters (such as; __confidence interval__ or `z-score`, __noise estimate__, `length_scale`, __smoothness conefficient__ or `nu`) as well as observing the nature of the functions graphically. A __Gaussian Process Regression (GPR)__ graph helps me understand the broad trends of a function against its inputs and a __Scatter Chart__ shows the data-points known so far in the same function space. The graphical representation serves as a sort of validation of the hyper-parameter adjustments hinted by the GPR model. I use the __Radial Basis Function (RBF)__ kernel as the default choice, but sometimes try other kernels (such as; __Matern__, __RationalQuadratic__, __ConstantKernel__ etc.) to check if the predicted query-points align more closely with GPR graph.
#### How do you balance exploration against exploitation? Do you focus more on areas known to perform well, or are you still sampling from untested regions?
* The weightage between exploration vs. exploitation in a given week depends upon the output of the query points submitted in the previous week. 
    * If the latest output of a function is greater than the maximum of the aggregated output up to the previous week (this includes the initial data-set) then that indicates we are moving in the right direction, that is, towards a peak value of the function in question. This may mean the global maximum is within the vicinity of the current maximum (which, in this case, is the latest output) and we should emphasize exploitation over exploration. However, it may also mean we are approaching a local maximum and overemphasis on exploitation may cause us to miss the global one. We are still within the early stages of the BBO challenge and therefore should maintain some scope of exploration to discover more regions in the overall function space. These hitherto unexplored regions may produce higher outputs than the current maximum and are therefore, key to the discovery of the global maximum.
    * On the other hand, if the latest output of a function is lesser than the maximum of the aggregated output up to the previous week, then that indicates we are moving away from a peak value of the function in question. In that case, we should continue to aggressively explore the rest of the function space.
#### How would SVMs change your approach? Could you use a soft-margin SVM to classify high vs low performance regions? Would a kernel SVM help if the response surface is non-linear?
* This BBO challenge is a *regression* problem, not a *classification* one. The __Support Vector Machine (SVM)__ is a classification technique, not a regression one. Therefore, SVM is not the appropriate method to discover the optimum value of a quantity (in this case, maximum outout). However, SVM can be a good choice if we wish to segregate regions on the basis of their potential to produce high or low value outputs. A soft-margin SVM is a better choice than hard-margin one due to its ability to accommodate outliers (e.g., a high output from a primarily low-performance region). In order to detect the best separation hyper-plane, a __polynomial__ or __RBF__ kernel should be used as they can adjust to non-linear relationships as well as produce smooth surfaces.
#### What limitations of your current model become apparent as data grows? Is it overfitting? Do any features or dimensions emerge as irrelevant?
* A limitation that readily becomes apparent is the graphical representation of multi-dimensional functions - that is, function with 2 or more input features. In this BBO challenge, all functions produce a single output, which is represented as another dimension. This means, apart from functions 1 & 2, (both of which take 2 inputs) all other functions are atleast 4-dimensional (goes all the way up to 9-dimensional for function 8) which makes it impossible to visualize on a 2-D (or even 3-D) graph. The only option is to plot each input feature individually against the output - producing graphs equal to the no. of inputs. While this depicts the behaviour of the function against each individual feature, it doesn't show how the inputs are themselves inter-related.
* So far, no distinct overfitting pattern is noticeable. I am using the __RBF__ kernel in most cases, which smoothens the predictions. Also, there is not enough data at this moment to detect any particular overfitting pattern.
* At a glance, it seems for higher dimension functions, some input features have less of an impact on the output. However, I have not performed any structural analysis yet to compute the relative impact (or non-impact) of features. This aspect will become more important in the following weeks.
#### How does this black-box set-up prepare you to think like a data scientist when faced with incomplete knowledge in other projects?
* __Bayesian Optimisation__ is a powerful framework to discover the optimum output of a process that is mostly opaque to direct inspection. As the process (represented as a black-box function) cannot be studied or evaluated directly or is prohibitibly expensive, Bayesian Optimisation employs a proxy or *surrogate* model, which is far easier to evaluate. It then optimises the surrogate model, through an iterative process, until the optimum output reaches a plateau or the iteration count reaches a certain cap. The BBO challenge has really been very beneficial to me, as I have learnt key techniques such as __Gaussian Process Regression (GPR)__ and how to effectively tune them through choice of kernels and/or hyper-parameter adjustments. A strong understanding and proper application of these frameworks/methods/techniques can prove to be an invaluable skillset towards real-world decision-making under uncertainty.
